# Privacy Policy

Effective date: September 26, 2019

Mystique ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Mystique Chrome extension (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

We do not collect any type of data related to the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the use of information in accordance with this policy.

## Definitions

*   **Service**

    Service is the Mystique Chrome extension operated by Mystique.
    
*   **QuintoAndar Services**

    Services there are publicly available provided by the QuintoAndar company. 

*   **Personal Data**

    Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

*   **Usage Data**

    Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

*   **Cookies**

    Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

## Information Collection, Storage and Use

We do not collect any type of information: 
  - We do not store Personal Data
  - We do not track Usage Data
  
We do store and manage Cookies generated and used by QuintoAndar Services.

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using the Service, you have to provide email and password that the Service uses to authenticate to QuintoAndar Services. Email and password data are not stored locally.
We do store locally Cookies associated with QuintoAndar Services from any QuintoAndar domain.

#### Usage Data

We do not track and store any Usage Data.

## Use of Data

Mystique uses the email and password provided only for authentication purposes in QuintoAndar Services.
It also read and locally write Cookies from QuintoAndar Services.

## Transfer Of Data

Personal Data as email and password are transfered through QuintoAndar Services to provide authentication to its services.

## Security of Data

The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Links to Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

*   By email: raphael.brandao@quintoandar.com.br
